Terms and Conditions
T&C of Online Booking
Terms and Conditions for online booking of a bike with an authorized dealer of Uttara Motors Ltd.
1. "Customer" means any Individual / Firm / Proprietorship / Company etc. competent interested in booking of Bajaj motorcycle with a Dealership of Uttara Motors Limited (UML) through online/website of by making advance payment using a valid Credit Biked/Debit Biked/Mobile Banking (IMPS)/Net banking Account/Wallet Account.

2. "Dealership" means any person or entity engaged by UML Bangladesh & Bajaj Auto Ltd. India for sale and/or service of Bajaj motorcycles. In here the dealership is Bajaj Point, situated in 67/B, Malibagh Chowdhury Para, DIT Rd, Dhaka 1219, Bangladesh.

3. "Bike" means any models of Vehicles marketed and sold by the Dealership.

4. The online booking system facility provided on Bajaj Point website (“Website”) will facilitate the Customer in faster booking of the motorcycle at their convenience.

5. A customer can book for more than 1 (one) bike.

6. The Customer needs to provide accurate information while making online booking and the information shall be in English language only.

7. The Customer shall obtain the customer copy of the bike order form duly stamped at the Dealership.

8. Post online booking, the Customer will get a Booking Reference ID (Customer ID) and with that the Customer shall contact the concern Dealership which he/she selected in making online booking, regarding availability of selected variant, balance payment, delivery details etc. Customer is requested to opt one colour choice for a particular variant only. In case of any subsequent change in either colour or variant preference, the old Booking Reference Number shall remain same.

Acceptance of Payment towards Booking
9. For booking online, the Customer is required to pay the specified Booking amount as displayed on the Website at the time of booking of bike selected by the Customer. The Payment of booking amount is to be made online by bkash, Credit Card/Debit Card or net banking through NEFT/RTGS payable in favour of the Dealership.

10. Acceptance of online booking payment is taken on behalf of the Dealership by a Payment Gateway (hereinafter referred to as "Agency").

11. The online booking is available at https://www.bajajpoint.com whereas payment gateway is powered by intermediary providing Payment gateway and merchant services.

12. The Payment made by the Customer for online booking of bike through payment gateway Agency is subject to the terms and conditions as provided by the payment gateway Agency. Bajaj Point shall not be responsible for payment issues made in respect of online booking through the payment gateway Agency.

13. The transactions, booking amount and all other commercial terms such as balance payment, delivery of bike etc., shall be as per the bipartite contractual obligations agreed between the Customer and the concerned Dealership only and the payment gateway facility is arranged just to facilitate the completion of online booking transaction smooth and speedy. Use of the payment gateway facility shall not render UML or Dealership liable or responsible for the non-delivery, non-receipt, non-payment, damage, breach of representations and warranties, non-provision of after sales or warranty services listed on Bajaj Point’s Website.

14. The booking amount remitted by the Customer will be realised and transferred to the respective Dealership’s account.

15. The Customer authorizes Gateway Payment Agency engaged by Bajaj Point to collect, process, facilitate and remit payments and/or the transaction electronically in respect of transactions through Payment Gateway Facility. The Customer understands, accepts and agrees that the Payment Gateway facility provided by Bajaj Point is neither a banking nor financial service but is merely a facilitator providing an electronic, automated online electronic payment, for the transactions on Bajaj Point Website using the existing authorized banking infrastructure and Payment Gateway networks. By providing Payment Gateway facility, Bajaj Point is neither acting as trustee nor acting in a fiduciary capacity with respect to the transaction or the online Booking amount.

16. The Processing fees for the online booking payment made by the Customer will be borne by the Dealership, only in case where the online booking is getting converted into a successful sale of delivery of bike to the Customer by the Dealership.

17. Bajaj Point reserves the right to restrict the number of online booking which a Customer can make through his/her Credit/Debit/ Biked / Bank Account/ or any other financial instrument and accordingly reserve its right to reject an online booking made by a Customer, without assigning any reasons.

18. Bajaj Point reserves the right to reject without assigning any reason, an online booking made by a Customer having prior history of questionable charges including without limitation breach of any agreements by Customer with Dealership or breach/violation of any law or any charges imposed by Issuing Bank or breach of any policy.

19. The Customer acknowledges that Bajaj Point will not be liable for any damages, interests or claims etc. resulting from not processing a Transaction or any delay in processing a Transaction which is beyond control of Bajaj Point.

20. After online booking of bike and online payment transaction, the system will generate a transaction Reference Number, acknowledging the receipt of payment towards the booking of bike through online. The Customer shall use the Reference Number for all future communication with the Dealership and produce the copy of receipt showing the Reference Number as and when required by the Dealership. However, this Acknowledgement shall not be treated as acceptance of booking by dealership.

21. The Customer agrees that the Dealership shall not be deemed to have accepted the booking of the Customer or be bound by the booking until Dealership notifies the Customer of its acceptance of the booking.

22. The Booking amount paid by the Customer at the time of online booking will be adjusted against the sale price of the bike at the time of raising the Invoice by the Dealership. The Customer shall pay the balance amount to the Dealership to complete the successful transaction of purchase of the bike. Thereupon, the Dealership shall deliver the Bike as per the delivery commitment date given by the Dealership. Only after receipt of the full balance price of the Bike and submission of requisite supporting documents, the booking will be binding. Until then, the online booking is merely a request on the part of the Customer and an indication of an intention to sell on the part of the Dealership and does not result in a booking confirmation or contract of sale and should the booking fail to be accepted for whatever reasons or could not be completed, there will be no financial implications to BAJAJ POINT except as per the terms and conditions mentioned here.

23. If a Customer fails to pay the balance amount within the stipulated time as informed by the Dealer, the Bike chosen by the Customer would be allocated to the next customer. Thereafter, depending on the date of receipt of balance amount from the Customer, the Customer’s Booking Reference Number would change and accordingly delivery of Bike booked by the Customer would be postponed by the Dealership, depending on the availability of particular Bike booked by the Customer.
 

Delivery of Bajaj Bike/Motorcycle
24. The Customer should contact the Dealership selected by him / her at the time of making the online booking for the purpose of taking delivery. The name on which Booking has been made cannot be changed and Dealership will have to raise a special request with BAJAJ POINT to change Customer name against a Booking

25. Expected date of Delivery of Bike will be confirmed by the Dealership upon receipt of balance sale price from the Customer however the delivery of Bike is subject to availability of Bike at the selected Dealership. In case, there is a waiting period, the Customer will be informed of the expected date of delivery by the Dealership.

26. All the original documents will need to be produced at the time of taking delivery of Bike for verification by the respective Dealership.

27. The documents required for registration of the Bike have to be submitted as per the policy, rules and regulations of the transport authority of the Government.

28. The booking amount paid by the customer during online booking will be adjusted against the final sale price of the motorcycle at the time of delivery and raising invoice by dealership. The customer shall pay balance amount to dealership to successfully complete the purchase of the motorcycle.

29. In case customer requires to finance the vehicle he may contact the dealership to enquire about the prevailing finance scheme and opt one that suits him. In that case the balance amount will be adjusted against the required down-payment or the balance due.

Cancellation and Refund
30. Booking once made cannot be cancelled online. In case of reasons for cancellation, the customer must immediately contact the dealership and formally request for refund. If any online booking amount and other amount is paid by the Customer to the Dealership towards the price of the Bike, then the Customer has to claim the said amount from the Dealership and no online transaction shall be made in this regard. Dealer may charge customer, appropriate cancellation charges or transaction charges which he may have incurred in this case.

General Terms
31. BAJAJ POINT may from time to time offer promotions/ rewards/ benefits for booking of Bike(s) made through this online, for a limited period. The terms & conditions of such promotions/rewards/ benefits will be specified separately. BAJAJ POINT may withdraw/change the terms & conditions of promotions/rewards/benefits for online booking at any time without prior notice

32. All efforts are made to ensure that the information provided on website is correct and up to date, we do not provide any guarantee as to its accuracy and/or completeness and do not accept any liability in this regard. The models and possible vehicle configurations illustrated may differ from vehicles supplied and are subjected to change in price, design and configuration from time to time. For precise information please contact Dealership directly.

33. BAJAJ POINT reserves the right to change the price, model, variants, specifications and features of the Bike as shown on the BAJAJ POINT Website or at the Dealership without any prior notice.

34. BAJAJ POINT reserves the right to change or alter any terms and conditions or the process itself without prior notice and may withdraw the offer of online booking without prior notice.

35. BAJAJ POINT or Dealership will not be responsible for delay, loss or non- receipt of online booking information or any other form of submission not contemplated herein.

36. The online booking is not compulsory, but only optional and voluntary for the interested customers and Bikes can be booked and purchased by the Customer directly at BAJAJ POINT Dealership as well.

37. BAJAJ POINT or Dealership would not be responsible for delay, loss or non-receipt of communication by the Customer due to incorrect address or contact details, given in the Online booking form or any other form of submission not contemplated herein or otherwise. The Customer online booking will be rejected in case of incomplete forms or non-receipt of booking amount.

38. BAJAJ POINT assumes no liability whatsoever under any circumstances whatsoever for any direct or indirect loss or damage arising from a Customer booking a Bike through the online/website of BAJAJ POINT.

39. Customer is advised to quote the Booking Reference number and the date thereof for any enquiry regarding delivery position.

40. Delivery is subject to “force majeure” conditions. The term “force majeure” means any circumstances which are unusual, unforeseeable and are beyond the control of BAJAJ POINT and/or Dealership concerned, the consequence of which could not have been avoided even if all due bike had been exercised, including but not limited to acts of god, war or threat of war, riot, civil strike, hostilities, political unrest, government action, industrial dispute, natural or other disaster, nuclear incident, terrorist activity, sabotage, blockage, embargo, weather conditions, transport strike, fire, flood, typhoon, tempest, drought, short supply of labour, fuel, raw material, or manufactured produce, or otherwise preventing or hindering the manufacture or delivery of the bike and all similar events beyond the control of BAJAJ POINT.

41. Customer further understands that the terms and conditions of sale of the Bike is exclusively between Customer and Dealership only and that UML or Bajaj Auto Ltd., which is operating with the Dealership concerned on principal to principal basis relationship, is not bound by any such terms in any manner whatsoever.

42. Customer hereby expressly consents BAJAJ POINT to store/transfer the personal data (i.e. personally identifiable data) that voluntarily supplied herein and process and use it by BAJAJ POINT as it deems appropriate or shared with its affiliates, Associates, Dealers, Agencies, auditors, legal advisers, marketing partners, Representatives etc. to contact the Customer through outbound call by Telephone/Mobile Numbers or send SMS or Email for offers, marketing and/or promotions, product related information, newsletter, market survey, poll, research, study, programs, enquiries about offerings, services and other legitimate purposes. BAJAJ POINT may disclose information if required to do so by any law enforcing agency.

43. All personal data accumulated will be acquired, processed, and used according to the applicable regulations governing the protection of personal data for the sole purpose of managing and maintaining BAJAJ POINT’s own legitimate business interests.

44. Although BAJAJ POINT takes reasonable measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information, it cannot assure that Personal Data that Customer provides will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with the Policy.

45. The Customer shall indemnify and hold harmless BAJAJ POINT from any claim or demand, or actions including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party or penalty imposed due to or arising out of breach of the terms and conditions, Terms of Use, privacy Policy and other Policies by the Customer, or any act or omission of the Customer or violation of any law, rules or regulations or the rights (including infringement of intellectual property rights) by the Customer.

46. In case of any dispute relating to enforcement, interpretation or application of these terms and conditions shall be subject to Arbitration by single arbitrator appointed by BAJAJ POINT. The venue of Arbitration shall be at Dhaka.

47. The terms and conditions of this online booking shall be governed by the laws as applicable in Bangladesh.

48. By accessing, browsing or otherwise using BAJAJ POINT Website for booking Bike, it is assumed that the Customer has read, understood and accepts and agrees to all the terms and conditions mentioned above on the Website and also gives unconditional consent for being contacted for Products/Services of BAJAJ POINT over telephone/mobile phone/email/sms. Non-acceptance of any of these terms and conditions will result in disqualification. Further, by impliedly or expressly accepting the Terms of Use, the Customer also accepts and agrees to be bound by BAJAJ POINT Policies (including but not limited to Privacy Policy available on its Website) as amended from time to time.